Hi, my
name is Eden and I work at Fundy Middle
and High School as an English teacher.
I do a lot of formative assessments with
my students in various different ways.
I do a lot of conversation
with my students.
I do, products and product based things.
I always, have multiple different ways
that I like to see their progress and see,
where they're at.
And then I take those
and I decide how we're moving forward.
Some of my formative assessment,
include Flipboard cruisers.
And I really like those
because I can have a genuine conversation
with the students and kind of see
what is their thinking
and where are they at with
what I've just taught
or what I've just talked about.
And then we can kind of
take the lesson from there as we need to.
So I find that the results are, can vary,
but I find that it really guides
what I'm going to do with them.
Either in the moment, I
might make a change right in that moment,
or I might decide to switch up my lesson
for the next day and say, nope,
they need a little more extension
on something.
Or no, they've mastered that,
and I'm able to move on to the next task.
Sometimes you just have to jump in and
just try it and see what works for you.
I think,
every classroom is a little bit different.
All the students
are a little bit different.
So sometimes I do
like the Flipboard cruisers for some kids
and some students, I
they prefer to do paper and pen.
And so my strategies will change
depending on who the students are.
And what what subject
I'm teaching at the time.
So I'd say jump in and try some things,
see what works, and move from there.
If you're going to try
to implement this too in your classroom.
You'd want to have a goal.
So the first thing I would suggest
is just to have a goal
of what you're looking for.
Is it going to be that conversation piece?
Are you looking for a product
and that's going to determine
where are you going to start?
So if I'm looking for that conversation
and that verbalization of material,
I'm going to go with conversation and I'm
going to go with the clipboard cruiser.
If I'm taking examples,
as they're happening
as it flows in class,
I just do a little bit of, a mark.
So sometimes I'll have different keywords.
Sometimes I'll actually put a one, two
or 3 or 4, depending on how they answered.
But if I'm looking for something
that's more on paper,
you're going to want to start with what
you assessing
and tailor your formative assessment.
That way.
So in action, it's actually,
I just jump right in with the kids.
Sometimes I like
to pull small groups aside,
and we'll just have conversations about
maybe the outcome
that we've been going over
or a reading strategy
that we're working on.
Today I actually picked a student
and I had them be my demonstrator
for me and I, as they were,
they didn't know.
But as they were giving me their answers
and helping me out
kind of teach the strategy, I was putting
marks on my clipboard cruiser.
And so I already knew ahead of time
which strategy I wanted to look at.
And you pick.
It's always nice to pick students
that maybe are a little bit
stronger at first,
because then they can really help you
and then you'll say,
oh, you didn't really, really well,
you got everything you needed to know,
and you were a great example
for the rest of the class.
So then when you go to the rest of the
students, they know what to look for.
They know what you're modeling.
So I let them know ahead of time.
But I really like
doing an individual group and whole class.
I think the biggest thing I learned
from doing my formative assessments
is that there's not always one way
that you can get an answer.
And so if you are relying on one piece
of data in order to get that students,
maybe where they're at at that time
or get a mark for them or comments
to for feedback, you need multiple
different ways in order to show that.
And sometimes conversation is the best.
I have a lot of students
who are, accommodated.
And I really, really find their,
conversation is the best way
to for them to feel comfortable,
to give me their information.
Sometimes paper and a pen
can be very intimidating
depending on their skill level.
So I like those conversations best
in. No matter
what you do for formative assessment,
you need to know that
whatever you do is best for your kids.
You know them the best.
You're their teacher,
and I think that no matter
what you're doing, what you can do
to make a difference in those kids lives.